Amazon CloudFront 
    Is a web service that speeds up distribution of your static and dynamic web content, such as .html, .css, .js, and image files, to your users. CloudFront delivers your content through a worldwide network of data centers called edge locations. When a user requests content that you're serving with CloudFront, the request is routed to the edge location that provides the lowest latency (time delay), so that content is delivered with the best possible performance.

    If the content is already in the edge location with the lowest latency, CloudFront delivers it immediately.

    If the content is not in that edge location, CloudFront retrieves it from an origin that you've defined—such as an Amazon S3 bucket, a MediaPackage channel, or an HTTP server (for example, a web server) that you have identified as the source for the definitive version of your content.

    

CloudFront web distribution


Lambda@Edge is a feature of Amazon CloudFront that lets you run code closer to users of your application, which improves performance and reduces latency. With Lambda@Edge, you don't have to provision or manage infrastructure in multiple locations around the world. You pay only for the compute time you consume - there is no charge when your code is not running.

With Lambda@Edge, you can enrich your web applications by making them globally distributed and improving their performance — all with zero server administration. Lambda@Edge runs your code in response to events generated by the Amazon CloudFront content delivery network (CDN). Just upload your code to AWS Lambda, which takes care of everything required to run and scale your code with high availability at an AWS location closest to your end user.


origin access identity (OAI)
    An origin access identity is a special CloudFront user that you can associate with Amazon S3 origins, so that you can secure all or just some of your Amazon S3 content.
    

CloudFront cannot expose static public IP addresses.


CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN) that caches content closer to users. You can cache the static content on CloudFront using the EC2 instances as origins for the content. This will improve performance (as the content is closer to the users) and reduce the need for the ASG to scale (as you don’t need the processing power of the EC2 instances to serve the static content).


When a user requests your content, CloudFront typically serves the requested content regardless of where the user is located. If you need to prevent users in specific countries from accessing your content, you can use the CloudFront geo restriction feature to do one of the following:
Allow your users to access your content only if they’re in one of the countries on a whitelist of approved countries.
Prevent your users from accessing your content if they’re in one of the countries on a blacklist of banned countries.
For example, if a request comes from a country where, for copyright reasons, you are not authorized to distribute your content, you can use CloudFront geo restriction to block the request.



